Update transformations docs (#277)
svix/svix-docs: content/transformations.mdx

- `url`, a string representing the endpoint's URL. It can be changed to any valid URL.
- `payload`, which contains the webhook's payload as a JSON object. It can be changed as needed.
- `eventType`, a string representing the event type. Changes to it are ignored.

> - `env`, key-value dictionary of variables defined in the 'Variables' tab. Changes are ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `env`, (string) key to (string) value map of variables defined in the 'Variables' tab. Changes are ignored.
```

just to reinforce that they're all strings all the time
